LazyGem

LazyGem looks at your ATOM feed in your gemcutter profile and auto installs any gems that you are currently subscribed too.
Very useful if you move to a new station. Lazygem requires that you have your credentials file setup according to your http://gemcutter.org/profile page. 
This file is used to pull your api_key to retrieve your ATOM feed.

INSTALL:

sudo gem install lazygem

Requirements:

Ruby (Developed on 1.8.7)
RubyGems (Developed on 1.3.5)

TODO:

1) Add platform detection.
2) Check to see if a gem is already installed.

LICENSE

(The MIT License)

Copyright © 2010 Brian Scott <brainscott@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the ‘Software’), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.